from massive burger chains to restaurant
that specialize in making sandwiches we
take a look at 10 of the most expensive
fast-food franchises number 10 Wendy's
Wendy's is a burger restaurant akin to
McDonald's or Burger King but with a
pricey twist since 1969 the chain has
grown with more than 6,500 locations all
across the world as of 2010 while you
can get a cheap meal at McDonald's and
have to pay a bit more for Burger King
Wendy's is the most expensive of the big
three the most inexpensive burger
Dave's hot and juicy quarter pounds
single burger with cheese cost nearly
five dollars across all 50 states the
Baconator
Wendy's famous bacon loaded cheese
burger is nearly seven bucks
number nine subway the footlong is
arguably one of the Subway's and most
popular menu items but enjoying any of
the varieties like the black forest ham
meatball marinara veggie Delite and
subway su food sensation will cost you
between five and eight bucks per
sandwich the six-inch sandwiches are a
bit more affordable at nearly five
dollars apiece but even the salads will
put a wallop on your wallet with prices
like six to eight dollars for the spicy
Italian Monterrey chicken melt or roast
beef salad number eight Chipotle Mexican
Grill while dining at Chipotle don't
expect a burrito for less than seven or
eight dollars even if you just add steak
or chicken the price doesn't change if
you forgo meat entirely the addition of
chips or guacamole is nearly $2 each
respectively but you can combine the two
for a little over $3 if you decide to
unwind with an alcoholic beverage it
will increase your bill anywhere between
nearly $4 for a beer and nearly $8 for a
patron margarita number seven blood
Rucker's the original Fudd's burger
which boasts a hefty 1/3 pound patty
cost about six dollars the cheapest item
on the menu for adults is the ultimate
bacon grilled cheese for about five or
seven bucks which may not satisfy you if
you come into the Fuddruckers
looking for a burger some sandwiches
like the half pound the works burger the
half pound Southwest burger and the half
pound barbecue burger are all nearly a
whopping $10 each
you'll pay extra for in any exotic menu
items like the elk Cove or buffalo
burgers which are all nearly $11 and up
number six firehouse subs for most
sandwiches the medium version cost about
seven dollars in the large about nine
this doesn't matter if you order the
firehouse meatball sandwich the New York
steamer the hook-and-ladder
or the sweet and spicy meatball sub some
large sandwiches like the turkey bacon
ranch or the firehouse hero are nearly
ten dollars each a few of the lighter
subs are better for your health and your
bank account clocking in at five hundred
calories or below the hook-and-ladder
light is about six dollars while the
sriracha beef Mama's homemade chicken
salad and the captain Sorenson's Dettol
pepper of grilled chicken are all about
seven dollars each number five Arby's
when you walk into your local Arby's the
sandwich prices differ the single
sandwiches aren't too much of a strain
as a small roast beef is about four
dollars and a small beef and cheddar
will ring up at about five however most
consumers also want a drink and aside
and it's the combos that really hurt at
Arby's while the small roast beef
sandwich is four dollars the combo mill
is nearly seven which is practically
doubled by the time you get up to the
biggest roast beef sandwich on Arby's
menu you're paying about ten dollars for
a combo meal number four Captain D's
well you never know just what kind of
seafood goes into those fillet of fish
mills at Captain D's you can get catfish
shrimp crab tilapia and more even
landlubbers can order dishes like
chicken there are nearly five hundred
and thirty different Captain D's
locations in the US as of 2015 the
prices are steep though as two pieces of
batter-dipped fish will ring up to
nearly eight dollars and adding one more
piece of fish increases the price to
nine the feast in platters are also
where the prices get dicey a deluxe
seafood platter is nearly eleven dollars
as is a
catfish feast to feed the whole family
have at least $26 on hand for a
ten-piece box of fish number 3 Papa
Murphy's most pizzas on the menu don't
cost less than 14 to 15 dollars whether
you choose original or thin crust and
whether you go for minimal toppings or
you want vegetables or meats on your pie
the gourmet delight pizzas which Papa
Murphy's prepares with artesian thin
crust are actually a better value at 14
to 18 dollars a pop you can enjoy such
flavors as herb chicken Mediterranean
angus steak and roast garlic and chicken
bacon artichoke number two Long John
Silver's Long John Silver's offers a
variety of seafood including shrimp Cod
and clams at some locations you may even
be able to enjoy clam chowder or fish
tacos in some states the chain is also
known for its yummy hush puppies side
dish however you certainly get what you
pay for here a basic platter which can
include various pieces of shrimp or
chicken fish or chicken or even fish
shrimp and chicken all cost between 10
and 12 dollars even individual meals
such as three pieces of chicken eight
pieces of shrimp or two pieces of fish
are a little expensive at eight to ten
dollars number one Panera Bread all
signature panini half sandwiches cost
between seven to ten dollars including
options like the tomato and mozzarella
smokehouse turkey chipotle chicken and
steak in white cheddar whole sandwiches
are priced higher at eight to eleven
dollars the signature sandwiches in the
cafe sandwiches from the chain will ring
up about the same the pasta dishes can
really surprise when it comes time to
pay for your meal small portions of the
chicken sorrentino pasta butternut
squash ravioli or pesto sachet Eenie
cost between eight to ten dollars for a
small larger portions start at $11
enough even a large mac and cheese is
over priced at eight to ten dollars
check out our other videos and remember
to hit the subscribe button for more
videos
every week